What are actually the containers? Taking the real-world example around us. Let's say the holidays are coming up and you want to ship something to a loved one as a present. So let's invent the post office. And the post office says we can ship things but we don't want you to bring loose things to us. We don't want loose books and jewelry and money. You need to put it in a box. So we extend this analogy, let's put it into an envelope. Now there's going to be a cost for me to move this from one place to another. Depending on how far it is and how much it weighs, I am going to give you a price. And you can think of that as your stamp. So whatever you put inside is up to you. So the container can support any programming language, Ruby, Python, Java, Golang, it does not matter. To make Kubernetes efficient as the post office, we need to ask you to put it in the box. Now, the key is you now have to describe where it needs to go. We need to put an address on it. Where does it run, who's destined for and how long would you like to take or are willing to wait for it to get there. And so, if you think about it, the post office abstracts all that away from you. You show up with your envelope, your stamp and the address, and they will tell you this will get there in two or three days. Planes can break down, cars can break down. But no one at the post office calls you when any of those things happen. They make a promise to you. They promise this letter will get there in two days. How they do that is not a concern. So Kubernetes was built on this promise theory. Even if you have lots of machines in your Kubernetes cluster, any of them can break at any time. Kubernetes' job is to make sure that the application is always running, just like the post office's job is to make sure that the letter keeps moving until it gets to its destination. Kubernetes does that for the infrastructure. We abstract all the details and allow developers to just put their app in the box, give us an address and, if you can afford the postage, we will run it for them. The postage here would be identical to CPU/GPU, Storage, Memory to speed up the app.
